README.md, before:

## Important
**Splunk OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation 2.x** is available and recommended to collect and export
telemetry for Splunk Observability Cloud. Refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/en/gdi/get-data-in/application/java/get-started.html)
for details.

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>
    <a href="#get-started">Get Started</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">Get Involved</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/migrate-from-signalfx-java-agent">Migrate from SignalFx Java Agent</a>
  </strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Stable" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-informational?style=for-the-badge">
  <a href="https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/releases/tag/v2.25.0">
    <img alt="OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java Version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/otel-2.25.0-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/signalfx/gdi-specification/releases/tag/v1.8.0">
    <img alt="Splunk GDI specification" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GDI-1.8.0-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases">
    <img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/signalfx/splunk-otel-java?include_prereleases&style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
  <a href="https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.splunk/splunk-otel-javaagent">
    <img alt="Maven Central" src="https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.splunk/splunk-otel-javaagent?style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/actions/workflows/ci.yaml">
    <img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/ci.yaml?branch=main&style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>
    <a href="https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/about-splunk-otel-java">About the distribution</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="SECURITY.md">Security</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/requirements#supported-libraries-and-frameworks-0">Supported Libraries</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/troubleshoot-the-java-agent">Troubleshooting</a>
  </strong>
</p>

# Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java

The Splunk Distribution of [OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for
Java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation)
provides a Java Virtual Machine (JVM)
agent that automatically instruments your Java application to capture and report
distributed traces to [Splunk APM](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/monitor-application-performance/introduction-to-splunk-apm).

This distribution comes with the following defaults:

- [W3C `tracecontext`](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/) and [W3C
  baggage](https://www.w3.org/TR/baggage/) context propagation;
  [B3](https://github.com/openzipkin/b3-propagation) can also be
  [configured](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/blob/main/docs/advanced-config.md#trace-propagation-configuration).
- [OTLP HTTP/protobuf
  exporter](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otlp/#otlphttp)
  configured to send spans to a locally running [Splunk OpenTelemetry
  Collector](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector)
- Unlimited default limits for [configuration
  options](docs/advanced-config.md#trace-configuration) to support
  full-fidelity traces.

If you're currently using the SignalFx Java Agent and want to
migrate to the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java,
see [Migrate from the SignalFx Java Agent](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/migrate-from-signalfx-java-agent).

---

<!-- Comments, spacing, empty and new lines in the section below are intentional, please do not modify them! -->
<!--DEV_DOCS_WARNING-->

## Requirements

The agent works with Java runtimes version 8 and higher. For the full list of requirements and supported libraries and versions, see [Requirements for the Java agent](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/requirements) in the official Splunk documentation.

## Get started

For complete instructions on how to get started with the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java, see [Instrument Java services for Observability Cloud](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application) in the official Splunk documentation.

To see the Java Agent in action with sample applications, see the OpenTelemetry
[examples](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-examples/tree/main/javaagent).

## Advanced configuration

To fully configure the agent of the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java, see [Configure the Java agent](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/configure-the-java-agent) in the official Splunk documentation.

## Correlating traces with logs

The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java provides a way to correlate traces with logs. For more information see [Connect Java application trace data with logs](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/connect-trace-data-with-logs) 
in the Splunk Observability Cloud user documentation.

## Manually instrument a Java application

Documentation on how to manually instrument a Java application is available in the 
[OpenTelemetry official documentation](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/java/manual/).
To learn how to add custom metrics to your application see [Manual instrumentation](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/manual-instrumentation#send-custom-java-application-metrics-0).

To extend the instrumentation with the OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java,
you have to use a compatible API version.

<!-- IMPORTANT: do not change comments or break those lines below -->
The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java version <!--SPLUNK_VERSION-->2.25.0<!--SPLUNK_VERSION--> is compatible
with:

* OpenTelemetry API version <!--OTEL_VERSION-->1.57.0<!--OTEL_VERSION-->
* OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java version <!--OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_VERSION-->2.25.0<!--OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_VERSION-->

## Snapshot builds

We publish [snapshot builds](https://central.sonatype.com/service/rest/repository/browse/maven-snapshots/com/splunk/splunk-otel-javaagent/2.25.0-SNAPSHOT/)
with every merge to the `main` branch. Snapshots are primarily intended to test new functionality and are not recommended
for production use.

## Upgrades

For information and best practices around upgrades, see the [Upgrading documentation](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/instrument-your-java-application#upgrade-the-splunk-distribution-of-opentelemetry-java-0).

## Troubleshooting

For troubleshooting information and known issues, see [Troubleshooting Java instrumentation](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/troubleshoot-the-java-agent) 
in the Splunk Observability Cloud user documentation.

# License

The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java is a distribution of [OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation). It is licensed under the terms of the Apache Software License version 2.0. For more details, see [the license file](./LICENSE).

>ℹ️&nbsp;&nbsp;SignalFx was acquired by Splunk in October 2019. See [Splunk SignalFx](https://www.splunk.com/en_us/about-splunk/acquisitions/signalfx.html) for more information.

Commit message:

v2.25.0 post release changes (#2642)
* [automated] v2.25.0 post release changes

* update upstream agent to snapshot

---------

Co-authored-by: Lauri Tulmin <ltulmin@splunk.com>

README.md, after:

## Important
**Splunk OpenTelemetry Java Instrumentation 2.x** is available and recommended to collect and export
telemetry for Splunk Observability Cloud. Refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/en/gdi/get-data-in/application/java/get-started.html)
for details.

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>
    <a href="#get-started">Get Started</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">Get Involved</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/migrate-from-signalfx-java-agent">Migrate from SignalFx Java Agent</a>
  </strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Stable" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-informational?style=for-the-badge">
  <a href="https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/releases/tag/v2.25.0">
    <img alt="OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java Version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/otel-2.25.0-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/signalfx/gdi-specification/releases/tag/v1.8.0">
    <img alt="Splunk GDI specification" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GDI-1.8.0-blueviolet?style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases">
    <img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/signalfx/splunk-otel-java?include_prereleases&style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
  <a href="https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.splunk/splunk-otel-javaagent">
    <img alt="Maven Central" src="https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.splunk/splunk-otel-javaagent?style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/actions/workflows/ci.yaml">
    <img alt="Build Status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/ci.yaml?branch=main&style=for-the-badge">
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>
    <a href="https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/about-splunk-otel-java">About the distribution</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="SECURITY.md">Security</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/requirements#supported-libraries-and-frameworks-0">Supported Libraries</a>
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <a href="https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/troubleshoot-the-java-agent">Troubleshooting</a>
  </strong>
</p>

# Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java

The Splunk Distribution of [OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for
Java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation)
provides a Java Virtual Machine (JVM)
agent that automatically instruments your Java application to capture and report
distributed traces to [Splunk APM](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/monitor-application-performance/introduction-to-splunk-apm).

This distribution comes with the following defaults:

- [W3C `tracecontext`](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/) and [W3C
  baggage](https://www.w3.org/TR/baggage/) context propagation;
  [B3](https://github.com/openzipkin/b3-propagation) can also be
  [configured](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/blob/main/docs/advanced-config.md#trace-propagation-configuration).
- [OTLP HTTP/protobuf
  exporter](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otlp/#otlphttp)
  configured to send spans to a locally running [Splunk OpenTelemetry
  Collector](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector)
- Unlimited default limits for [configuration
  options](docs/advanced-config.md#trace-configuration) to support
  full-fidelity traces.

If you're currently using the SignalFx Java Agent and want to
migrate to the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java,
see [Migrate from the SignalFx Java Agent](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/migrate-from-signalfx-java-agent).

---

<!-- Comments, spacing, empty and new lines in the section below are intentional, please do not modify them! -->
<!--DEV_DOCS_WARNING-->
<!--DEV_DOCS_WARNING_START-->
The following documentation refers to the in-development version of `splunk-otel-java`. Docs for the latest version ([v2.25.0](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/releases/latest)) can be found [here](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-java/blob/v2.25.0/README.md).

---
<!--DEV_DOCS_WARNING_END-->

## Requirements

The agent works with Java runtimes version 8 and higher. For the full list of requirements and supported libraries and versions, see [Requirements for the Java agent](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/requirements) in the official Splunk documentation.

## Get started

For complete instructions on how to get started with the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java, see [Instrument Java services for Observability Cloud](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application) in the official Splunk documentation.

To see the Java Agent in action with sample applications, see the OpenTelemetry
[examples](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-examples/tree/main/javaagent).

## Advanced configuration

To fully configure the agent of the Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java, see [Configure the Java agent](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/configure-the-java-agent) in the official Splunk documentation.

## Correlating traces with logs

The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java provides a way to correlate traces with logs. For more information see [Connect Java application trace data with logs](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/connect-trace-data-with-logs) 
in the Splunk Observability Cloud user documentation.

## Manually instrument a Java application

Documentation on how to manually instrument a Java application is available in the 
[OpenTelemetry official documentation](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/java/manual/).
To learn how to add custom metrics to your application see [Manual instrumentation](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/manual-instrumentation#send-custom-java-application-metrics-0).

To extend the instrumentation with the OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java,
you have to use a compatible API version.

<!-- IMPORTANT: do not change comments or break those lines below -->
The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java version <!--SPLUNK_VERSION-->2.25.0<!--SPLUNK_VERSION--> is compatible
with:

* OpenTelemetry API version <!--OTEL_VERSION-->1.57.0<!--OTEL_VERSION-->
* OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java version <!--OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_VERSION-->2.25.0<!--OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_VERSION-->

## Snapshot builds

We publish [snapshot builds](https://central.sonatype.com/service/rest/repository/browse/maven-snapshots/com/splunk/splunk-otel-javaagent/2.26.0-SNAPSHOT/)
with every merge to the `main` branch. Snapshots are primarily intended to test new functionality and are not recommended
for production use.

## Upgrades

For information and best practices around upgrades, see the [Upgrading documentation](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/instrument-your-java-application#upgrade-the-splunk-distribution-of-opentelemetry-java-0).

## Troubleshooting

For troubleshooting information and known issues, see [Troubleshooting Java instrumentation](https://help.splunk.com/en/splunk-observability-cloud/manage-data/available-data-sources/supported-integrations-in-splunk-observability-cloud/apm-instrumentation/instrument-a-java-application/troubleshoot-the-java-agent) 
in the Splunk Observability Cloud user documentation.

# License

The Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Java is a distribution of [OpenTelemetry Instrumentation for Java](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation). It is licensed under the terms of the Apache Software License version 2.0. For more details, see [the license file](./LICENSE).

>ℹ️&nbsp;&nbsp;SignalFx was acquired by Splunk in October 2019. See [Splunk SignalFx](https://www.splunk.com/en_us/about-splunk/acquisitions/signalfx.html) for more information.
